Added three Data Structure and Algorithms course in Free Courses in English (#7457)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Advanced Data Structures](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-851-advanced-data-structures-spring-2012/) - Erik Demaine
* [Algorithm Design and Implementation](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6EF0274BD849A7D5)
* [Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDN4rrl48XKpZkf03iYFl-O29szjTrs_O) - Abdul Bari

> * [Algorithms and Data Structures Tutorial - Full Course for Beginners](https://youtu.be/8hly31xKli0) - freeCodeCamp (YouTube)

Reviewer: Expand YT shorten urls

```suggestion
* [Algorithms and Data Structures Tutorial - Full Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hly31xKli0) - Pasan Premaratne, Jay McGavren (freeCodeCamp)
```

* [Analysis of Algorithms (CSE 373)](https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~skiena/373/videos) - Steven Skiena
* [Berkeley University CS 61B: Data Structures](http://datastructur.es/sp16/)
* [Berkeley's CS 61B: Data Structures](https://archive.org/details/ucberkeley_webcast_QMV45tHCYNI)
* [Complete C++ Placement DSA Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTryvtXdMr6rPh4IDexB5NIA) - CodeHelp - by Babbar
* [Data Structures](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P) - mycodeschool
* [Data Structures](https://stepik.org/course/579/syllabus) - Niema Moshiri, Liz Izhikevich (Stepik)
* [Data Structures](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBlnK6fEyqRj9lld8sWIUNwlKfdUoPd1Y) - Neso Academy (YouTube)
* [Data Structures and Algorithms](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBZBJbE_rGRV8D7XZ08LK6z-4zPoWzu5H) - CS Dojo
* [Data Structures and Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo5W4Nhv31bbKJzrsKfMpo_grxuLl8LU) - Jenny's lectures CS/IT NET&JRF
* [Data Structures and Algorithms for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBpAmxU_NQo) - Mosh Hamedani (Programming with Mosh)

> * [Data Structures and Algorithms Full Course](https://youtu.be/LcKqYoX8uH4) - Simplilearn (YouTube, Video length 7:13:56)

Reviewer: Expand YT shorten urls

```suggestion
* [Data Structures and Algorithms Full Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcKqYoX8uH4) - Simplilearn (YouTube, Video length 7:13:56)
```
